--PROLOGUE--
A new semester is starting and you are already looking forward to its ending. You have big plans for the holidays, and
you will not have them spoiled by studying for the exams a second time. Unfortunately for you, that means studying during
the semester and passing the exams first try. Well, not that this comes as a surprise to you, of course, but it's still
a bummer. You decide for yourself that you will do as much as necessary to pass, but as little as possible.
With this mantra, you feel motivated to head right into the work. Let's go!!


--READING A BOOK--
You were never a fast reader, nor do you fancy yourself a particularly avid one. However, these texts offer knowledge
you would not find on the internet. Well, not as quickly and easily, anyway.
You earned 1 study point.


--WATCHING A VIDEO--
Videos on this topic are often not of the best production quality, but those especially always seem to offer the best
advice. Funny how the world works sometimes, isn't it?
You earned 2 study points.

--WATCHING A VIDEO--
Oh no! The recommendations won and you find yourself neck-deep in a YouTube rabbit hole. Unfortunately for you, though,
there is no white rabbit on the other end, only the sinking feeling of lost time and disappointment.
You lost 1 study point.


--ASKING THE TUTOR--
Asking the tutor is always a good idea. In addition to the solutions, you can also get nifty tips! You get all the
answers you needed and are able to resume your studying quickly.
You earned 3 study points.

--ASKING THE TUTOR--
The tutor seems stumped by your question. She doesn't know. Google doesn't know.
You conclude that it will probably not come up in the exam then and leave it be.
You earned 0 study points.


--TAKE PRO1 EXAM?--
You have submitted all the necessary assignments. You have done all the studying. Further studying will not help you
in this next quest. Will you proceed to this next, crucial step on your way to the holidays? (->"take PRO1 exam")
Be warned: if you don't take this route now, you will have to take a re-route through the dreaded Moodle-Jungle in order
to take the exam ("submit PRO1/CLT" -> "take PRO1 exam").


--STUDYING--
Ah, yes. Studying. What you came to college for. Unfortunately, it does not seem to be quite as fun as you imagined
it would be. Oh well, the only way through is doing it!
